1. Write a program to print the area and perimeter of a triangle having sides of 3, 4 and 5units by creating a class named 'Triangle' without any parameter in its constructor. value given by using getter setter.

2. Print the average of three numbers entered by user by creating a class named 'Average'having a method to calculate and print the average.

3. Print the  sum,  difference  and   product of   two  complex numbers by  creating a   classnamed 'Complex' with separate methods for each operation whose real and imaginaryparts are entered by user.

4. Write a program by creating an 'Employee' class having the following methods and printthe final salary. 
1 - 'getInfo()' which takes the salary, number of hours of work per day of employee as parameter.
2   -   'AddSal()'   which   adds   $10   to   salary   of   the   employee   if   it   is   less   than   $500.
3 - 'AddWork()' which adds $5 to salary of employee if the number of hours of work perday is more than 6 hours.

5.
Create a class called 'Matrix' containing constructor that initializes the number of rows and number of columns of a new Matrix object. The Matrix class has the following information:
1.number of rows of matrix
2 number of columns of matrix
3 - elements of matrix in the form of 2D array
The Matrix class has methods for each of the following:
1 - get the number of rows
2 - get the number of columns
3 - set the elements of the matrix at given position (i,j)
4 - adding two matrices. If the matrices are not addable, "Matrices cannot be added" will be displayed.
5 - multiplying the two matrices

6. Create a class  circle class with  radius as data member. Create two constructors  (noargument, and two arguments) and a method to calculate Circumference

7. Write  a  class  Time  with  three  data  members  to  store  hr,  min  and  seconds.  Createtwo constructors and apply checks to set valid time. Also create display function whichdisplays all data members

8. Create an Abstract class Student that contains a method take  exam, implement themethod in the  child  classes  PhdStudent  and  GradStudent  in  which PhdStudent  takesexam  by giving his final defense presentation while the graduate student gives a writtenpaper